

-- Error Documentation -- 
Below is a list of errors and warnings raised throughout the calls of functions.
Warnings may not terminate the program, however, errors can.

- List of Error Codes -

- Format: ERROR xxxx/ WARNING xxxx

Message: The message provided by the error.
Type: The type of std error.

Description: A description of the error.

ERROR 1000

Message: "ERROR1000: No Logging File Opened"
Type: std::runtime_error()

Error 1000 occurs any time the Log() function is called before the OpenLog() function is called
to open a logging file. Without calling OpenLog(), Log() has no file to insert the "cMessage"
parameter and therefore throws a runtime error.

ERROR 1012

Message: "ERROR1012: File or directory not found: + * The path entered in the functions parameter or found in a variable *"
Type: std::runtime_error(), std::invalid_arguement()

Error 1012 occurs anytime an invalid argument is provided to functions such as CreateLog() and OpenLog().
This error is a result of the path not existing. During the process of the function checking to see if the path provided
exists, if it concludes the path does not exist, it will throw a runtime error or invalid argument error to prevent the
log file not being created.

ERROR 2009

Message: "ERROR2009: File is already OPEN/CLOSED: + * Path of file *"
Type: std::runtime_error()

Error 2009 can happen anytime a function which acts like or is OpenLog() or CloseLog(). 
This happens when the function tries to open a file that is already open or,
whenever a function tries to close a file that is already closed. 

ERROR 1404
Message: "ERROR1404: File already exists: * Path of file passed through as fuction argument *"
Type: std::runtime_error()

Error 1404 is a very important error that happens when a large mistake could have occured.
This error prevents the creation of a file with the same name in the same path as the log file. Without this security,
logs can become corrupted and lost. After, the log file will become blank and all data will be lost. 
This error can be found in the CreateLog() function. 

- List of Warnings and Codes -

WARNING 8028 
Message: "WARNING8028: Log File Path Not Found"
Type: std::string/const char*

Warning 8028 is often times raised whenever a function attempts to search for a log file path.
This warning happens whenever the function could not locate the log file path. It is likely some parameters
are incorrect in a different function, or a log file has not been opened and entered in the program.
This warning is common when the function GetLogPath() is ran before OpenLog() is ran.

The program will not terminate after this warning.